

[1m> Entering new MultiPromptChain chain...[0m
beginner blockchain: {'input': 'What is a Blockchain?'}
[1m> Finished chain.[0m
['Alright',
 "let's imagine a blockchain as a digital ledger or a record book",
 'but unlike a regular ledger',
 "it's not kept in one place like a notebook or a computer file that one "
 'person or organization controls. Instead',
 "it's spread out across a whole network of computers",
 'which can be all over the world.\n\nNow',
 'think of this ledger as a chain made up of blocks of information. Each block '
 'contains a list of transactions or actions that have been verified and '
 'agreed upon by the network. These could be things like sending some digital '
 'money to a friend',
 'signing a contract',
 'or even casting a vote in an election.\n'
 '\n'
 'When someone wants to add a new transaction to the ledger',
 'the network of computers',
 'which we often call nodes',
 'follows a set of rules or a consensus mechanism to agree that the '
 'transaction is valid. This is like having a group of people check over your '
 "shoulder to make sure you're writing something correct in the ledger.\n"
 '\n'
 'Once a transaction is approved',
 "it's bundled together with other transactions to create a new block. This "
 "new block is then added to the chain of previous blocks. It's like adding a "
 'new page to the record book',
 'but once the page is added',
 "you can't just rip it out or scribble over it. It's permanent.\n"
 '\n'
 'This permanence is because each block contains a unique code called a hash',
 'which is like a fingerprint. It also includes the hash from the previous '
 'block',
 'creating a link between them. This is what makes it a chain. If someone '
 'tries to change a transaction in a block',
 'the hash will change',
 'and it will be obvious that something has been tampered with. The other '
 "computers won't agree to this change",
 'and the tampered block will be rejected.\n'
 '\n'
 'Because the blockchain is spread across many computers and each new block is '
 'verified by the network',
 "it's very secure. It's hard for someone to cheat or hack the system because "
 'they would need to change the information on a majority of the computers in '
 'the network at the same time',
 'which is incredibly difficult to do.\n\nIn summary',
 'a blockchain is a secure',
 'distributed digital ledger that records transactions in a way that makes it '
 'difficult to alter',
 'cheat',
 "or hack. It's the technology behind digital currencies like Bitcoin",
 "but it's also being used for a lot more than just money. It has the "
 'potential to change the way we do a lot of things',
 'from banking to voting to proving who owns something.']
